Getting requirements for the DataWizard google extension for the company InfoServe

Client: Tom McCann, founder InfoServe / Coder

What is the product?: (Checking)
InfoServe is a SASS (Software as a Service business)

Product name:
was going to be one product to allow users to alk to 4 diffeent types iof databse
decided to launch 4 propducts, each talkjing to each database
eventually creating a unified product
MySQL-Wizard

Manage sales data, schedules etc sometimes they need daya to support their spreadsheet, for sales mamagers they might want to work out bonuses/ grads etc based on real data like sales figures.
Sales mamagwer would normally approach the IT and ask for a weekly download of all sales figures they needed. This toll will allow peolpe to do this without having to go to IT first. IT departments often get overloaded with too manyt requests so they are sympathetic t othie idea for sel-service. With thius tool, the maager could specify what they need with only mininmal support from the IT department.
It allows a google sheet to interogate a google databasem which databssse to pull from nad wtrite queires to specifit he xact data they want to bring tio the spreadsheet directly. Schedules can be created so that the queories can read whenver thety want e.g. everyt month etc. The user trains it to do what they want. After a query a user can specify a erecurring schedule.

It would be marketted at two angles, the individual user or the company, the tone could be different for each

They needs to be a sectin for information for the IT department so the user could take it to the IT department for them to set it up

Design the messaging to appeal to the user.

Landing page should give the user 95% of the informaton on the first screen, what problem, what it does and roughty what the price plan is, above the fold. They can scroll down to give them more detail. inital requirement is just to have the landing page.

The first product is for mySQL

DataWizard (check name) is a product that allows users to install the extension and then search large SQL databases more easily

DataWizard allows users to specify areas of their database to search and other parameters and DataWizard will auto generate correpsonding SQL queries

It comes as a google extenstion that runs in a side window on top of google sheets etc

What (product):
How does it output? (What does the user output look like?)

Would you like to display samples of output on the webpage?

2 pictures showing 2 different screen, annotated a little bit, to not go into too much detail, the more detail you give a potential customer, the more they have to worry about. The more you spell out deatures, it gets less likely to make a sale. Easiness is the key thing we want to show.

How is it installed (search through the google extensions tab?)
Like to have just one version of the site. Doesn't matter if people are coming to this from the trial or directly from the website.
10 free goes in the trial.

A button/ section to start the free trail and also the information to buy the product

$25 dollars per month and thats it

Would you like to display images of this process on the webpage?

Who:
Who is the website meant to appeal to?
=My ideas
-People searching through large quantities of data that need SQL queries written
-People who are not proficient at generating SQL queries that still need to search databases
-People who need to do a complex search quickly and more easily
=Client

Where:
Where can people find your extension?
In google sheets, users can go to the extensions menu to browse the different extensions that can be searched.
Where can people come from to get to this landing page?
Extensions -> Addons -> get addons

How:
How do you wish to state the problem users want to solve on the landing page?

How would you like to state the solution to the problem on your webpage?

Why:
Why would people seek out this product?

Why would people use this product?

Why would people KEEP using this product? (Are there any unique selling points we can really lean into on the webpage?)
Easy to use, allows you to do two types of queries, technical mode = SQL queries and a simple mode called easy mode = 'selection' to specify a table from the database and apply multiple filters

When:
What is your timescale / launch window?
Next couple of months will be sumbitting to Google for review and they want to see the sales website before they give approval
When would you like to see a mock-up of the webpage?
By the end of the week,

A requirement to be thrown in should be responsive (works on multiple formats/ screen types)

What (webpage):
What other images would you like to display on the webpage? (can I have access to them?)
Undecided for the time being, want to provide something little that is visual for the user, will send me the file
What external links, if any, would you need accessible on the page? (How large, prominent etc?)

Any preference for style, colors (e.g. company colors), sizing, font etc? (This can be mocked up and dealt with later)
So far there is a blue and gold, can capture from the Wizard itself
What is the trial model for this product? (How many uses etc?)
10 uses
What is the subscription model for this product? (Can we display a placeholder for now if not worked out?) (pricing?) (Google is discontinuing paid extensions, can no longer charge through Chrome Web Store payments)
Handled by this page, had invisiged that some code would be provided for Stripe processor, add a purchase button that can invoke the code. Could add a bit of value and find a host company that can host the page and comes with Stripe facilities. If there is soemthing out there, it could help with the process. Wix etc, no code site builders but there might be a simpler one.
Is there any wording in particular you would like included in the page?

Do you need the webpage to be accessible to people using screen readers etc? (Can inlcude 'alt' attributes for images)
Include alt tags for the images google require them, there is a specification called ARia which spells out the things you have to
Do you need the webpage to available in multiple languages? (support could be added later after the English mock-up is complete)
No, just in English to begin with
Do you want the webpage to lead to the extension on the google extension tab in case people go to the site and not the extension first?
No,
Do you eventually want payment systems on this webpage, or use an external webpage to handle payments? (I think it has to go through the google extensions tab?)
Answered above
Do you want to display other information about your comapny on the webpage? If so, what?
Down the bottom like the PALLY WEBSITE, ask for picture
Do you want support to allow people to share the page on various social media?
Not for this one
Should there be contact details on the webpage? Do you want to encourage people to contact or not?
Yes add contact
Do there need to be any testimonials on the webpage?
not to begin with
Do you want any other pages that branch off the landing page, for example, a more detailed explanation page etc?
not to begin with
Do you want to display pictures of any staff members on the webpage?

Do you want to embed any widgits in this webpage?
no
Do you want to include any advertising on this page? (to generate extra revenue)
no
Do you want to ask for donations on the webpage?

Come up with a mock up to spark ideas, there is no specific wording for all

Will the user be able to edit or add comments to their data, do they need to have accounts etc
Performance, how many people could be hitting the website at the same time

Requirements are usually split into two types, functional requirements - what it does, and non-functional requirements -e.g. legal and compliance, security

Do it in the google doc and add Dad as a editor access so he can make corrections etc
