Requirements Document for ‘MySQL-Wizard’ Landing Page
22/04/2024

Client:
Tom McCann
Technical Director
InfoProve

Front-end developer:
Michael McCann

Web page:
‘MySQL-Wizard’ - a google extension landing page.

Purpose:
To create a landing page to give users/ potential users information about the ‘MySQL-Wizard’ google extension. The landing page would also encourage users to trial the extension, or buy the full version. It would also give users additional information about InfoProve, and potentially future products etc.

Design brief (outline):
To present all (95%) of the important information to the user above the fold about the ‘MySQL-Wizard’ extension and why they should use it, including pricing information and buttons to trial the extension or buy the full version. Scrolling down the page, there will be some example images and a little more information about the product and InfoProve. All copy will be as a draft, and can be changed to reflect the desired tone and information at a later date. Design principle will echo elements of Tim Bennetto’s ‘Pallyy’ web page as discussed.

The web page should be responsive and display well on all browsers and devices. It should be accessible conforming to ARIA specifications (WAI-ARIA), and be available in English only for the time being. For now, just a landing page will be developed, with provisions made to be able to flexibly add additional pages, elements etc. in the future.

The product:
‘MySQL-Wizard’, the first of 5 products that will be used to interrogate different databases for a customised set of information, specified by the user. The first product will focus on interrogating MySQL databases. Users can choose which table they want to extract data from and what columns etc. as well. After specifying what information the user wants, ‘MySQL-Wizard’ will write SQL queries while in a Google sheet, and send these to the database to retrieve the information for export to the same Google Sheet.

The product can be used by users without so much IT experience, who might need more support setting it up the first time, and also users with more advanced IT knowledge, such as the IT departments of companies etc. This product will be used however the customer wants, but a usual use case would be something like a sales manager extracting relevant information about their team member’s sales on a weekly or monthly basis. The product enables queries to be set up on a customised recurring basis after the first enquiry.

Requirements:
Requirements will be split into sub headings below:

Style:
Blue and gold ‘McCann colours’ to be captured from the ‘Wizard’ image itself.
The style of the rest of the web page will be mocked up with changes to be made later.

Information to be displayed above the fold:
Company name and logo (to be added later if needed).
Image for the MySQL-Wizard ‘wizard’ image.
Eye-catching header highlighting what the extension can do for the user.
Short paragraph outlining the problem, the solution, and some additional information.
Pricing information in eye-catching type.
Buttons to start a free trial and purchase the full version.

Information to be displayed under the fold:
Sample pictures (2) of the extension in action with minimal annotation.
Additional information about MySQL-Wizard’s features.
A section displaying information for the more technical users (e.g. a company's IT department) with some information about how to set up/ use the extension.
Company information about InfoProve.
Picture of Tom McCann, title, and contact details.

Copy style/ focus:
The marketing copy would primarily be aimed at users with less IT experience, with the focus of keeping things simple and less technical as well as making the product come across as easy to use.
Very short paragraph stating the difficulties faced when getting the data you need from a database, and about how creating complex SQL queries to a database takes a lot of expertise, time, and can cause stress for less technical users. Leaning into the fact that the extension provides a simple and easy to use solution, offering a way to query databases to get exactly the information the user needs. Finish the paragraph by talking about the ability of the extension to set up recurring queries with the extension (this could be included under the fold as additional information.)
More technical copy under the fold to further emphasise ease of use, and to include information about how the extension allows two types of queries, easy mode–where users specify a table to pull from the database and can apply multiple filters–and technical mode–where users can generate their own SQL queries.

Particular wording to include in the web page:
A mock-up version of the web page to be created first to spark ideas.
Copy can be developed further in future.

Trial information:
Users get 10 free tries and are then directed to purchase the full version.

Pricing information:
$25 dollars per month and that's it (as a placeholder amount)

Contact details:
Message near the bottom of the web page to encourage users to get in contact.
Contact details to be displayed in the footer/ bottom of the web page (to be provided by Tom McCann)

Customer testimonials:
Not required, but could be added at a later date.

Images displayed:
Not fully decided on yet.
Wizard picture for the MySQL-Wizard product displayed near the top of the page.
Two pictures showing example screens of the extension in use, annotated a little bit to not go into too much detail and keep things easy to understand. Images and annotation will emphasise the ease of use of the extension.

Interactable elements:
Buttons to start the free trial and to buy the product.

External links:
None for now, can be added later.

Integrated payment on page:
Payment to be handled by this page, with Tom McCann to provide code for a Stripe processor, connected to the purchase button element.
Michael McCann will look into finding a host company that can host the page which comes with Stripe facilities.

Accessibility:
‘alt’ attributes will be included for all images to enable output in screen readers.
Web page to be compliant with the ARIA specification.

Language support:
Other languages than English are not required at this stage.
Web page will be mocked up in English to begin with.

Support to allow people to share the page on various social media:
Not required.

Other pages that branch off the landing page:
Not required, but could be added at a later date.

Additional widgets on the web page?:
Not required.

Additional advertising on the web page:
Not required.

Timescale:
Aiming for submission to Google for review in the next few months.
A mock-up of the web page to be created and shown by the end of this week (26/04/2024), hosted on Github pages as proof of concept.
Web domain to be secured later.

Please let me know if there are any changes you would like to make to these requirements, I will begin building a framework for the page but will hold off on specific content until I have approval.
